README.md, before:

# Poker Calculator Webapp

Poker Calculator is a JSF Primefaces web application designed for web servers like tomcat.
It supports Poker hand evaluation for up to seven players with known hole cards in Omaha, Omaha Hi/Lo and Texas Hold'em.

## License

Poker Calculator is provided under the GPL-3.0 or later GPL versions license.


## Known Issue

* Redeploying a previously running poker-calculator-webapp needs a Server restart because of the shared libraries already loaded in another classpath


## Requirements

The distribution here is designed to run on linux like systems only. It provides prebuilt shared objects only for the used poker-eval C implementation.
You may need to rebuild the C library poker-eval for your local or server system.

The provided .so libraries in */lib* folder should work on a x64 like linux system.


## Installation Requirements

The provided release packages require *libpoker-eval.so* and *libpokerjni.so* to be present under */opt/poker-calculator-webapp/lib/*.

You can change the default library lookup path by rebuilding the Java sources with mvn. You can adapt *library.properties* under *src/main/resources* before the mvn build to use your custom library location.

The webapp is deployable without the native C libraries setup correctly. A calculation of given hands will not be possible before the libraries are loaded successfully. 

## Implementation Details

### Backend Calculator Dependency

Poker Calculator uses the poker-eval engine supporting even more Poker variations than implemented by Poker Calculator: (https://github.com/atinm/poker-eval)

### Build poker-eval for Java

I've found an old build of poker-eval providing *pokersource.jar*, *libpoker-eval.so* and *libpokerjni.so* on my PC.
However I can't give the details to get the three artifacts from the source no more at the moment.

### Frontend JSF webapp

The frontend uses Primefaces 10.0 as JSF implementation.

Commit message:

Update README.md to link to online version

README.md, after:

# Poker Calculator Webapp

Poker Calculator is a JSF Primefaces web application designed for web servers like tomcat.
It supports Poker hand evaluation for up to seven players with known hole cards in Omaha, Omaha Hi/Lo and Texas Hold'em.

You find an online version here: [evolutionsoft.ch/poker-calculator-omaha-texas/](https://evolutionsoft.ch/poker-calculator-omaha-texas/)

## License

Poker Calculator is provided under the GPL-3.0 or later GPL versions license.


## Known Issue

* Redeploying a previously running poker-calculator-webapp needs a Server restart because of the shared libraries already loaded in another classpath


## Requirements

The distribution here is designed to run on linux like systems only. It provides prebuilt shared objects only for the used poker-eval C implementation.
You may need to rebuild the C library poker-eval for your local or server system.

The provided .so libraries in */lib* folder should work on a x64 like linux system.


## Installation Requirements

The provided release packages require *libpoker-eval.so* and *libpokerjni.so* to be present under */opt/poker-calculator-webapp/lib/*.

You can change the default library lookup path by rebuilding the Java sources with mvn. You can adapt *library.properties* under *src/main/resources* before the mvn build to use your custom library location.

The webapp is deployable without the native C libraries setup correctly. A calculation of given hands will not be possible before the libraries are loaded successfully. 

## Implementation Details

### Backend Calculator Dependency

Poker Calculator uses the poker-eval engine supporting even more Poker variations than implemented by Poker Calculator: (https://github.com/atinm/poker-eval)

### Build poker-eval for Java

I've found an old build of poker-eval providing *pokersource.jar*, *libpoker-eval.so* and *libpokerjni.so* on my PC.
However I can't give the details to get the three artifacts from the source no more at the moment.

### Frontend JSF webapp

The frontend uses Primefaces 10.0 as JSF implementation.
